2. Load Data: (see examples below) and describe in detail their origin, content, structures and data types.
                                                                                                done


3.  Data Exploration: Prepare statistical and visual data summaries.                            done
    How many variables/features does the data contain, how many samples?                        done 
    Are there missing values?                                                                   done
    Explore correlations among variables and conduct at least one unsupervised analysis.        (done)
    Consider variable transformations and normalizations where applicable.

4.  Data Model: Define what you want to model (following the table below) and choose an appropriate model framework. 
    Define a simple baseline model and a loss function - theoretically and practically. 
    Explain the model in terms of input-output data structures and dimensions.

5.  Train Model: Define a Train Define Train and Test Data and run the training loop. Monitor the behaviour of the loss function.

6.  Evaluate Model: Run model predictions on the test data set. 
    Calculate and visualize the appropriate metrics to evaluate model performance. 
    Explain why a separate test data set should be used for such evaluations.

7. Improve Model: Suggest extensions to your baseline model and repeat steps 4. - 6. Do these extensions improve the model?

Summary
Provide a concise summary and critical reflection of this project and all analysis steps. 
What are the assumptions and limits? 
Document and annotate all steps above carefully in a single jupyter notebook and ensure that it will execute reproducibly and without error. 
Upon completion, submit the project as a single notebook per team. This notebook will be the basis for your presentation and it will be shared with the whole class.

Include a statement of originality and contributions at the beginning:
Authors: X.Y., A.I.

This notebook is our own work. Any other sources have been clearly marked and cited.

All authors contributed equally. (alternative: state specific contributions explicitly)

- Taregt data: project1.1(wine data): wine quality


